on another scare if ik review courtesy
of the review spot we're gonna be
looking today's spooky spot on the
Frankford gummy bugs candy 22 pieces
inside and as you can see there are four
bugs inside the error that make up the
gummy bugs this looks to me I think from
the same manufacturers as the gummy body
parts so it was a win-win when I was
able to find these I thought as soon as
I found gummy bugs yeah I was going to
pick those up and get those reviews for
you as well
now I'm hoping the candies aren't going
to be as riddled with what looks to be
maggots as the poor title the gummy bugs
candy very gross very disgusting again
inside it looks like we've got ourselves
a spider a fly I don't know what that is
it could be a tick it could be a flea I
don't know and then down below it looks
like we've got an ant on the back we've
got some ingredients not really anything
to speak of I can tell you though its
distributed by Frankford candy and
chocolate company and you can also go to
WWF ranked for candy calm
it is best before 2013 so I think we're
gonna be alright we're gonna be alright
guys flip this around and upside down
with surprisingly that the packaging is
made in such a way that it's upside down
from itself we're gonna get ourselves
Hank with this opened up
now I know a lot of candies this year
guys a lot of candy
I think spots gonna totally crash by the
time he finishes shooting all these
reviews all the candy that he's done a
lot of sugar
luckily luckily I'm not shooting these
all in order by thoughts as I'm talking
away trying to find the other bug in
here surely if I shot every single
review on it on the same day at least
all the candy reviews this guy would be
in some pretty bad shape as soon as I
crashed boy would I ever crash let's put
this to the side here and of the ones
again we've got ourselves an ant again
unknown a tick maybe a flea maybe even a
cockroach a fly and finally a spider so
all the for what are we actually gonna
try what are we gonna try today well I
knew I knew an old lady that swallowed
fly it's good enough for the old lady
well it's good enough for this guy wait
a minute did she die oh sure it's not
gonna happen to this guy no we're gonna
slowly return it is very now these are
the more foam ear gummies they're not
quite a regular gummy they're a little
more foam here than what you would
generally expect very similar again to
the body parts now I'm not going to see
her obviously playing with my food who
would really do that who'd watch a
review of a guy just sitting your plan
with candy really by that notion who
would really watch a review of a guy
reviewing candy but apparently you guys
enjoyed it so what we're gonna do is I'm
gonna give this a try the gummy fly
let's give this try
and I can't say one thing very similar
to the gummy parts that I reviewed last
year these gummies are extremely hard my
mouth is working very hard to break down
this gummy it is a very hard gummy not
necessarily something I would recommend
with somebody with soft teeth certainly
don't give this to a young child or give
this to an a senior citizen because I'm
sure they probably would both struggle
with this these are still not that bad
though I think I like the gummy body
parts a little bit better but the gummy
bugs are still pretty cool today's
spooky spa more candy more candy today
we're having a look yes more candy we're
having a look at the gummy body while
the gummy bugs candy thank you guys for
watching as you always do mmm gummy as
an ash is so bad it's kind of great by
the way anyone who's wondering thanks
for watching as you always do stay tuned
for more spooky spots to come and I'll
see you guys next time
scotty box
you